And welcome back, this is Brad Hussey here, and we are going to take this whole bootstrap to WordPress
thing into the future here or in the present time, rather.
And so we have a new version of the boot drive to WordPress theme using all of the cool and modern standards
that we want to use in WordPress as of the time of this recording.
And we're going to be using kind of a nicer design.
We're going to be using nicer typography, nicer design standards and conventions layouts.
And also in WordPress, we're going to be using elements.
And of course, Gutenberg is in there and everything's up to date for the most part.
As we all know, WordPress updates all the time.
And so it is a bit of a challenge to make sure it's always up to date.
But I always like to say any good developer worth their salt, especially if you're working out in the
field at a studio, an agency or running your own company.
Any good developer should know how to take what's out of date and update it and learn how to update
it.
So what I'm going to do here is show you what the site looks like.
This is it live bootstrapped to WordPress.com so that you can actually see what it looks like.
So here it is.
It's responsive.
It's super nice.
Everybody's happy.
Look at that.
Whoa.
Animations, nice colors, nice gradients, nice buttons.
We're going to have it like, I don't know.
Everything looks nice layouts.
Everything looks nice looking good little mini animation.
They're super subtle.
Picture of me.
More a little subtle animations there, all the CSIS got a quote, some f q links buttons, you name
it.
We got it.
I think here's the home page.
Looks like this is what you just saw.
Blog page looks like this pretty standard.
This is the list of blog articles you just click on an article.
It goes into the single post.
Just got some content there.
Just kind of pre-populated from my personal blog, just so you can see what it looks like.
You got an image there.
You got the title, you got the the date.
Everything's nice.
Let's go to courses.
A list of my courses here, and this is just to show you, you know, different layouts that you can
do.
And what's really cool about all this?
Let's head over to FGCU.
Question, answer, question, answer.
Super nice.
Contact contact page.
Right here, form and then join.
That's just like if you want to go to the course.
Cool.
Anyway, so what's cool about this is we are using, well, WordPress and bootstrap, but we're also
using Alimentare.
So in the backend here, like we're going to be building this and we're going to design it up first
static, we're going to code out the HTML and CSS because that's always fine.
I always like that part, and we're going to show you how to kind of get this all themed up and then
we're going to bring it over into WordPress.
And then we're going to start theming it up and coding so that we can use Alimentare.
So in the back here, in the back end, rather.
I'll pull up a page, let's pull up the home page as an example right here, it's the front page you
could see we're using elementary.
This just makes it so much easier to to design really nice layouts and it just it's a lot of flexibility.
And what's cool is that if you are to build this, you know, once you learn how to build this theme
out and build themes in WordPress with, say, elementary Gutenberg, it's really easier to build your
own sites that way or to create client sites and a whole bunch of other things and just kind of using
elemental drag and drop.
So pretty cool.
You can make some really neat layouts here.
We have some custom layout widgets here, so we've got the general kind of basic ones here.
Pro if you upgrade, but we're not going to do that.
And then general and the down here, we got bootstrap to WordPress.
So custom widgets here down here like buttons, titles, links, info, cards, call to actions, testimonials,
kind of custom like things that we've made and we're going to design and code and then use them in our
element.
And it just shows you the flexibility as you can code up a whole bunch of custom widgets if you want.
So we're going to do a few of those here as well.
So that's the site that's the the, you know, the back end to see that it's an element here and everything's
going to be pretty much up to date.
And I think it's going be a lot of fun.
So next video we're going to start digging in.